Mz clusters add introspection columns (#27803)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/mz_catalog.md

| `privileges`              | [`mz_aclitem array`] | The privileges belonging to the cluster.                                                                                                 |
| `managed`                 | [`boolean`]          | Whether the cluster is a [managed cluster](/sql/create-cluster/) with automatically managed replicas.                                    |
| `size`                    | [`text`]             | If the cluster is managed, the desired size of the cluster's replicas. `NULL` for unmanaged clusters.                                    |
| `replication_factor`      | [`uint4`]            | If the cluster is managed, the desired number of replicas of the cluster. `NULL` for unmanaged clusters.                                 |
| `disk`                    | [`boolean`]          | **Unstable** If the cluster is managed, `true` if the replicas have the `DISK` option . `NULL` for unmanaged clusters.                   |
| `availability_zones`      | [`text list`]        | **Unstable** If the cluster is managed, the list of availability zones specified in `AVAILABILITY ZONES`. `NULL` for unmanaged clusters. |

> | `introspection_logging`   | [`boolean`]          | Whether introspection data gather is logged.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: We should match the public `CREATE CLUSTER` wording here (`INTROSPECTION DEBUGGING`), rather than the internal wording int he code.

> | `introspection_debugging` | [`boolean`]          | Whether introspection data gathering is logged.                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `introspection_debugging` | [`boolean`]          | Whether introspection of the gathering of the introspection data is enabled. |
```

> | `introspection_debugging` | [`boolean`]          | Whether introspection of the gathering of the introspection data is enabled                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `introspection_debugging` | [`boolean`]          | Whether introspection of the gathering of the introspection data is enabled.                                                             |
```
